README.md, before:

# Simulator

A small experiment into trying to create my own Python based simulation tool.

This project also serves as a reference to create other Python projects.

Below the results from runing a RC (resistor-capacitor) circuit.

![RC simulation result](https://i.ibb.co/ZxfYqf8/rc-simulation-run.png)

## Running the simulation

To run the model, it sufices to run the `run_sim.py` python script which is located at the project folder. In other words, from the project directory, run this command: `python run_sim.py`.

## Python

Notes related to creating this Python project.

### Structure

To make modules visible to each other, they should all be contained within one single package inside the project folder. In other words, the project should follow this structure:

    project_folder
        project_package
            package1
                module1
                module2
            package2
                module3
                module4
        [other files]

Other files could be scripts, README.md, LICENSE, .gitignore, etc.

### VScode

#### Debugging

Since this project is configured to be a package, a script (`run_sim.py`) was created at the project folder to load the project package and run it. Therefore, in order to debug it on VScode, it is necessary to create a new debug configuration to run the debugger from the aforementioned script and with from the project's directory path. The following configuration is used:

    {
        "name": "Python: run_sim.py",
        "type": "python",
        "request": "launch",
        "program": "${workspaceFolder}/run_sim.py"
    }

#### Unit tests

Since the tests are not inside the same package as the project package, on the test modules it's necessary to import the project modules using absolute paths. For example, instead of doing **from ...models import rc**, it's necessary to do **from simulator.models import rc**.

To run the tests, it sufices to run the following command from the project's directory (if not actually using VScode's extensions): `python -m unittest discover -v` (for the verbose option).

Commit message:

Adding Line class to add the feature to be able to scale the values from the model

README.md, after:

# Simulator

A small experiment into trying to create my own Python based simulation tool.

This project also serves as a reference to create other Python projects.

Below the results from runing a RC (resistor-capacitor) circuit.

![RC simulation result](https://i.ibb.co/ZxfYqf8/rc-simulation-run.png)

## Running the simulation

To run the model, it sufices to run the `run_sim.py` python script which is located at the project folder. In other words, from the project directory, run this command: `python run_sim.py`.

## To do

- Store variables to be ploted on the Plot class
    - Problem: Some variables have largely different scales than others; therefore, when ploted on the same scale, it's not possible to see them clearly.
    - Solution: for variables that need scaling, store them on the Plot class.

## Python

Notes related to creating this Python project.

### Structure

To make modules visible to each other, they should all be contained within one single package inside the project folder. In other words, the project should follow this structure:

    project_folder
        project_package
            package1
                module1
                module2
            package2
                module3
                module4
        [other files]

Other files could be scripts, README.md, LICENSE, .gitignore, etc.

### VScode

#### Debugging

Since this project is configured to be a package, a script (`run_sim.py`) was created at the project folder to load the project package and run it. Therefore, in order to debug it on VScode, it is necessary to create a new debug configuration to run the debugger from the aforementioned script and with from the project's directory path. The following configuration is used:

    {
        "name": "Python: run_sim.py",
        "type": "python",
        "request": "launch",
        "program": "${workspaceFolder}/run_sim.py"
    }

#### Unit tests

Since the tests are not inside the same package as the project package, on the test modules it's necessary to import the project modules using absolute paths. For example, instead of doing **from ...models import rc**, it's necessary to do **from simulator.models import rc**.

To run the tests, it sufices to run the following command from the project's directory (if not actually using VScode's extensions): `python -m unittest discover -v` (for the verbose option).
